let's go well mom fuck boy balloon my
ten-man 130 HP GMC movement mad all
going to bring Street Boyer but uh hit
ants do shots had a Nike mixtape man
let's I know where these dudes coming
now know all the features moving in that
many features ok sure let's go Shoutmon
the guys room to unblock sit here HP GMC
and I come on boys just money clip it's
the speaker my bullshit back all my
bullshit back on my bullshit back on my
bullshit set fuck niggas fuck fish fuck
them all fuck ladies fuck bitch fuck
wall back on my bullshit
shit shit shit shit shit bitch fuck them
all mine is minus year work we got in
here engineered year once again my dad
and Shayla I did my baby happy SBG south
with four girls assessment little girls
has not bought the george all your love
and make love y'all niggas without shark
evolution on my shit right now watch it
is a boy how do we want to do I saw my
nigga do Mac thought you come on explain
food and drink anything my name is man
yeah man you got my nigga you got my
nigga hot rod you small fucking then you
got my name is motherfucking man you got
you got my my nigga my protégé
motherfucking hood is motherfucking and
then you got my nigga mula AKA my
manager AKA tanned nigga host my mixtape
in this motherfucker there Lefty but
like really big big niggas is killing
everything little and all my niggas
ain't checked up man all my niggas I had
checked up man check the shirts nike
everything man from head to toe nice a
guy
no it's nagar nano see next we're all
off from one just like sick on the tone
person oops hey thank you so much though
it man pinga chu gonna you type up yeah
but is this a grind and then we got a
session right now dislike them 11 of
father so like the 11 p in the five am
feeling once again like I sister Liu aye
nigga ha ha ji woo for coming out here
now he told us she always beat me but we
started shit out here at the studio now
he lose the journal shot Rocket Man a
neighborhood sup man like I said now
this blog no they don't look out for
that back of my bullshit video that says
she gonna come crazy shot by hottie room
it means shot by nobody else none other
than zero why y'all that mango you too
boo Montana and SBG Oh YouTube locks a
TV that man don't you to dice it gonna
work speak for itself year then the day
we told you often for the first time in
warehousing when that five-minute shit
man like niggas rib did shit like them
take this shit like arts and crab and
work with this shit like you film me
fucking 925 this is twenty-four seven
things even when you went wrapping your
rapping when you live in your food no
lives matter and this bro mixtape I'm
hosting been using the DJ's exactly
using nobody else i'm home to his
mixtape you fill me with my top 3 gotta
one of the last time you heard a nigga
that wrapping the camp hosting the name
mixing it was usually go find a DJ be
funny a DJ don't know nothing about you
nah man he only gonna shake in japan not
saying Wayne got the bread because we
definitely got the bread nigga holla
thorny Brenda Street give money clay act
like you know but like I said man goulos
my mixtape you gonna hand my nigga hold
on my mixtape you gonna hit my nigga
Martian on my mixtape you go ahead and
move on my mixtape and me shout it like
like I said
Shoutmon even buzzed 440 boys srt 10 m
jing he featured on the mixtape shot up
my nigga surf-rock Bochy forgot and hold
a hit then let me take my moment for my
boy ride man yeah well my g 8 ball I see
you my nigga nah man and that's G I see
ya'll my niggas a day man I fucking you
filming hf i see ya'll my niggas HYFR
fuck with real niggas man real shit
HB Jim see back on my boys just money
clip it's the speaker nut sack on my
bullshit back on my bullshit back on my
bullshit back on my bullshit said fuck
niggas fuck fish fuck them all fuck
niggas fuck this fuck them all back on
my bullshit back on my bullshit